[IMP] essentials/properties: update Property fields doc 19 (#15326)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/property_fields.rst

      (:guilabel:`drag handle`) button.

      Delete an option by clicking the :icon:`fa-trash-o` (:guilabel:`Remove Property`) button.
  * - :ref:`Tags <studio/fields/relational-fields-tags>`
    - Selection of multiple values in the form of tags
    - Enter a :guilabel:`Tag` name and press `Enter` to save it.

      Change a tag's color by clicking it and selecting another one.
  * - :ref:`Many2one <studio/fields/relational-fields-many2one>`
    - Selection of a single record from another model
    - Enter the :guilabel:`Model` name. Configure its :ref:`Domain <search/custom-filters>` to
      filter records if needed.

      Select a :guilabel:`Default Value` if desired.
  * - :ref:`Many2many <studio/fields/relational-fields-many2many>`
    - Selection of multiple records from another model
    - Enter the :guilabel:`Model` name. Configure its :ref:`Domain <search/custom-filters>` to
      filter records if needed.

      Select a :guilabel:`Default Value` if desired.
  * - :guilabel:`Separator`
    - Group several properties under a foldable label
    -

.. note::
   - Enter a :guilabel:`Suffix` to specify the contextual description that is automatically

>      appended to the displayed value of the field type. For example, to indicate cost per

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Enter a :guilabel:`Suffix` to add a contextual description after a
   field's value. For example, to indicate the cost per
```
Could be simplified IMO

     kilometer, select the :guilabel:`Monetary` field type an name it **Cost**, then enter **per
     km** in the :guilabel:`Suffix` field. The property displays the following: **Cost** [added
     value] **per km**.
   - Enable :guilabel:`Display in Cards` to select whether to display the property in the Kanban,

>      List, or Calendar views cards for every field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     List, or Calendar views' cards for every field.
```
